 food was very good. cheesecake dessert was fabulous.the service sets this restaurant apart. our waiter was knowledgeable  professional  and discreet.  we shared several dishes: - lobster salad was a little...fantastic meal. the menu for 60 dollars is a great prix fixe. the tuna belly starter was great and the octopus salad was very tasty. the duck was quite... food was very good. cheesecake dessert was fabulous.the service sets this restaurant apart. our waiter was knowledgeable  professional  and discreet.  we shared several dishes: - lobster salad was a little...fantastic meal. the menu for 60 dollars is a great prix fixe. the tuna belly starter was great and the octopus salad was very tasty. the duck was quite...
 picholine was beige....very beige.  the walls - beige.  the food - beige.  nothing stood out. food was disappointing.  it tasted.....beige.  i was really...it is  perhaps  a bit felicitous that i just happened to wander through a park filling up with protestors  that would in the following weeks become known as...i have to agree with michael s. although the staff are perfectly nice  willing  but less knowledgeable than they appear  the food is mediocre. my appetizer... picholine was beige....very beige.  the walls - beige.  the food - beige.  nothing stood out. food was disappointing.  it tasted.....beige.  i was really...it is  perhaps  a bit felicitous that i just happened to wander through a park filling up with protestors  that would in the following weeks become known as...i have to agree with michael s. although the staff are perfectly nice  willing  but less knowledgeable than they appear  the food is mediocre. my appetizer... picholine was beige....very beige.  the walls - beige.  the food - beige.  nothing stood out. food was disappointing.  it tasted.....beige.  i was really...it is  perhaps  a bit felicitous that i just happened to wander through a park filling up with protestors  that would in the following weeks become known as...i have to agree with michael s. although the staff are perfectly nice  willing  but less knowledgeable than they appear  the food is mediocre. my appetizer... picholine was beige....very beige.  the walls - beige.  the food - beige.  nothing stood out. food was disappointing.  it tasted.....beige.  i was really...it is  perhaps  a bit felicitous that i just happened to wander through a park filling up with protestors  that would in the following weeks become known as...i have to agree with michael s. although the staff are perfectly nice  willing  but less knowledgeable than they appear  the food is mediocre. my appetizer...
 i've been here twice for dinner in "both" atlantic grills.....i'll explain-  there is a 64th street entrance and also a 65th street entrance to this...my friend picked this place for summer restaurant week.; one of the few we were interested in this summer.   is it true that the restaurant week menu is...dependable i've been here twice for dinner in "both" atlantic grills.....i'll explain-  there is a 64th street entrance and also a 65th street entrance to this...my friend picked this place for summer restaurant week.; one of the few we were interested in this summer.   is it true that the restaurant week menu is...dependable i've been here twice for dinner in "both" atlantic grills.....i'll explain-  there is a 64th street entrance and also a 65th street entrance to this...my friend picked this place for summer restaurant week.; one of the few we were interested in this summer.   is it true that the restaurant week menu is...dependable i've been here twice for dinner in "both" atlantic grills.....i'll explain-  there is a 64th street entrance and also a 65th street entrance to this...my friend picked this place for summer restaurant week.; one of the few we were interested in this summer.   is it true that the restaurant week menu is...dependable i've been here twice for dinner in "both" atlantic grills.....i'll explain-  there is a 64th street entrance and also a 65th street entrance to this...my friend picked this place for summer restaurant week.; one of the few we were interested in this summer.   is it true that the restaurant week menu is...dependable i've been here twice for dinner in "both" atlantic grills.....i'll explain-  there is a 64th street entrance and also a 65th street entrance to this...my friend picked this place for summer restaurant week.; one of the few we were interested in this summer.   is it true that the restaurant week menu is...dependable
 best italian in the city.  2nd place is bianca - which turns out is owned by the same guy.  downside is cash only.  other downside is the place is super...great little hole in the wall find for date night on the upper west side!! the food was decently priced and delicious! we had the quattro pizza (with a side...my favorite italian restaurant in the city. great food  cheap and friendly atmosphere. the owner always hangs around and meets up with the patrons.   if you... best italian in the city.  2nd place is bianca - which turns out is owned by the same guy.  downside is cash only.  other downside is the place is super...great little hole in the wall find for date night on the upper west side!! the food was decently priced and delicious! we had the quattro pizza (with a side...my favorite italian restaurant in the city. great food  cheap and friendly atmosphere. the owner always hangs around and meets up with the patrons.   if you... best italian in the city.  2nd place is bianca - which turns out is owned by the same guy.  downside is cash only.  other downside is the place is super...great little hole in the wall find for date night on the upper west side!! the food was decently priced and delicious! we had the quattro pizza (with a side...my favorite italian restaurant in the city. great food  cheap and friendly atmosphere. the owner always hangs around and meets up with the patrons.   if you... best italian in the city.  2nd place is bianca - which turns out is owned by the same guy.  downside is cash only.  other downside is the place is super...great little hole in the wall find for date night on the upper west side!! the food was decently priced and delicious! we had the quattro pizza (with a side...my favorite italian restaurant in the city. great food  cheap and friendly atmosphere. the owner always hangs around and meets up with the patrons.   if you... best italian in the city.  2nd place is bianca - which turns out is owned by the same guy.  downside is cash only.  other downside is the place is super...great little hole in the wall find for date night on the upper west side!! the food was decently priced and delicious! we had the quattro pizza (with a side...my favorite italian restaurant in the city. great food  cheap and friendly atmosphere. the owner always hangs around and meets up with the patrons.   if you... best italian in the city.  2nd place is bianca - which turns out is owned by the same guy.  downside is cash only.  other downside is the place is super...great little hole in the wall find for date night on the upper west side!! the food was decently priced and delicious! we had the quattro pizza (with a side...my favorite italian restaurant in the city. great food  cheap and friendly atmosphere. the owner always hangs around and meets up with the patrons.   if you...
 having returned to dovetail a few more times for brunch and dinner since my first restaurant week visit a couple years back  i think it's time for me to...good place if you dig wine. i like their foie gra *spellcheck (duck liver).alright  dovetail  here we go. having been to many upscale restaurants  i feel like i know what i want  and what restaurants are exquisite  versus good... having returned to dovetail a few more times for brunch and dinner since my first restaurant week visit a couple years back  i think it's time for me to...good place if you dig wine. i like their foie gra *spellcheck (duck liver).alright  dovetail  here we go. having been to many upscale restaurants  i feel like i know what i want  and what restaurants are exquisite  versus good... having returned to dovetail a few more times for brunch and dinner since my first restaurant week visit a couple years back  i think it's time for me to...good place if you dig wine. i like their foie gra *spellcheck (duck liver).alright  dovetail  here we go. having been to many upscale restaurants  i feel like i know what i want  and what restaurants are exquisite  versus good... having returned to dovetail a few more times for brunch and dinner since my first restaurant week visit a couple years back  i think it's time for me to...good place if you dig wine. i like their foie gra *spellcheck (duck liver).alright  dovetail  here we go. having been to many upscale restaurants  i feel like i know what i want  and what restaurants are exquisite  versus good... having returned to dovetail a few more times for brunch and dinner since my first restaurant week visit a couple years back  i think it's time for me to...good place if you dig wine. i like their foie gra *spellcheck (duck liver).alright  dovetail  here we go. having been to many upscale restaurants  i feel like i know what i want  and what restaurants are exquisite  versus good... having returned to dovetail a few more times for brunch and dinner since my first restaurant week visit a couple years back  i think it's time for me to...good place if you dig wine. i like their foie gra *spellcheck (duck liver).alright  dovetail  here we go. having been to many upscale restaurants  i feel like i know what i want  and what restaurants are exquisite  versus good...
 i had wanted to try all of daniel boulud's restaurants  but had always been a bit weary of how the experience would turn out.  allow me to explain.  i...upscale french.went to bar boulud for restaurant week lunch. the service was quite good  but food was really just average. i ordered the salad  croque monsieur  and peach... i had wanted to try all of daniel boulud's restaurants  but had always been a bit weary of how the experience would turn out.  allow me to explain.  i...upscale french.went to bar boulud for restaurant week lunch. the service was quite good  but food was really just average. i ordered the salad  croque monsieur  and peach... i had wanted to try all of daniel boulud's restaurants  but had always been a bit weary of how the experience would turn out.  allow me to explain.  i...upscale french.went to bar boulud for restaurant week lunch. the service was quite good  but food was really just average. i ordered the salad  croque monsieur  and peach... i had wanted to try all of daniel boulud's restaurants  but had always been a bit weary of how the experience would turn out.  allow me to explain.  i...upscale french.went to bar boulud for restaurant week lunch. the service was quite good  but food was really just average. i ordered the salad  croque monsieur  and peach... i had wanted to try all of daniel boulud's restaurants  but had always been a bit weary of how the experience would turn out.  allow me to explain.  i...upscale french.went to bar boulud for restaurant week lunch. the service was quite good  but food was really just average. i ordered the salad  croque monsieur  and peach... i had wanted to try all of daniel boulud's restaurants  but had always been a bit weary of how the experience would turn out.  allow me to explain.  i...upscale french.went to bar boulud for restaurant week lunch. the service was quite good  but food was really just average. i ordered the salad  croque monsieur  and peach...
 extremely good service and delicious food. the food was good from appetizer to dessert  no complaints and our waiter was friendly & attentive. great spotfriendly service  big portions  and nice wine list. the inside feels like an old manhattan men's club with big red booths that are great for groups. the...terrific room. many food items from the menu and even some standard drink items were not available. (there were several "we're out of thats.") service was... extremely good service and delicious food. the food was good from appetizer to dessert  no complaints and our waiter was friendly & attentive. great spotfriendly service  big portions  and nice wine list. the inside feels like an old manhattan men's club with big red booths that are great for groups. the...terrific room. many food items from the menu and even some standard drink items were not available. (there were several "we're out of thats.") service was... extremely good service and delicious food. the food was good from appetizer to dessert  no complaints and our waiter was friendly & attentive. great spotfriendly service  big portions  and nice wine list. the inside feels like an old manhattan men's club with big red booths that are great for groups. the...terrific room. many food items from the menu and even some standard drink items were not available. (there were several "we're out of thats.") service was... extremely good service and delicious food. the food was good from appetizer to dessert  no complaints and our waiter was friendly & attentive. great spotfriendly service  big portions  and nice wine list. the inside feels like an old manhattan men's club with big red booths that are great for groups. the...terrific room. many food items from the menu and even some standard drink items were not available. (there were several "we're out of thats.") service was... extremely good service and delicious food. the food was good from appetizer to dessert  no complaints and our waiter was friendly & attentive. great spotfriendly service  big portions  and nice wine list. the inside feels like an old manhattan men's club with big red booths that are great for groups. the...terrific room. many food items from the menu and even some standard drink items were not available. (there were several "we're out of thats.") service was... extremely good service and delicious food. the food was good from appetizer to dessert  no complaints and our waiter was friendly & attentive. great spotfriendly service  big portions  and nice wine list. the inside feels like an old manhattan men's club with big red booths that are great for groups. the...terrific room. many food items from the menu and even some standard drink items were not available. (there were several "we're out of thats.") service was...
 i went here with my coworker (we are both pastry chefs). we thought it would be fun to go thinking they had a price fixe for fashion night out which they...been here twice for two different restaurant weeks  and another time on a coupon deal.  it is unfortunately a bit out of my price range to go here on a...i like this place. it's in the hood  so if we want a nice night out and don't want to travel this place is great. i've enjoyed everything i've had and... i went here with my coworker (we are both pastry chefs). we thought it would be fun to go thinking they had a price fixe for fashion night out which they...been here twice for two different restaurant weeks  and another time on a coupon deal.  it is unfortunately a bit out of my price range to go here on a...i like this place. it's in the hood  so if we want a nice night out and don't want to travel this place is great. i've enjoyed everything i've had and... i went here with my coworker (we are both pastry chefs). we thought it would be fun to go thinking they had a price fixe for fashion night out which they...been here twice for two different restaurant weeks  and another time on a coupon deal.  it is unfortunately a bit out of my price range to go here on a...i like this place. it's in the hood  so if we want a nice night out and don't want to travel this place is great. i've enjoyed everything i've had and... i went here with my coworker (we are both pastry chefs). we thought it would be fun to go thinking they had a price fixe for fashion night out which they...been here twice for two different restaurant weeks  and another time on a coupon deal.  it is unfortunately a bit out of my price range to go here on a...i like this place. it's in the hood  so if we want a nice night out and don't want to travel this place is great. i've enjoyed everything i've had and... i went here with my coworker (we are both pastry chefs). we thought it would be fun to go thinking they had a price fixe for fashion night out which they...been here twice for two different restaurant weeks  and another time on a coupon deal.  it is unfortunately a bit out of my price range to go here on a...i like this place. it's in the hood  so if we want a nice night out and don't want to travel this place is great. i've enjoyed everything i've had and... i went here with my coworker (we are both pastry chefs). we thought it would be fun to go thinking they had a price fixe for fashion night out which they...been here twice for two different restaurant weeks  and another time on a coupon deal.  it is unfortunately a bit out of my price range to go here on a...i like this place. it's in the hood  so if we want a nice night out and don't want to travel this place is great. i've enjoyed everything i've had and...
 this was a great meal i had the pastistio.  it was so delicate and tasty.  the executive chef actually made the rounds of the room and the wait staff was...loi is in the old compass space. for those who remember compass  loi is a definite upgrade - and they may have a chance of surviving if they can keep this...i really  really wanted to like this place.  we were visiting nyc from tampa and i vetted living social deals for weeks  checking them out on yelp.  this... this was a great meal i had the pastistio.  it was so delicate and tasty.  the executive chef actually made the rounds of the room and the wait staff was...loi is in the old compass space. for those who remember compass  loi is a definite upgrade - and they may have a chance of surviving if they can keep this...i really  really wanted to like this place.  we were visiting nyc from tampa and i vetted living social deals for weeks  checking them out on yelp.  this... this was a great meal i had the pastistio.  it was so delicate and tasty.  the executive chef actually made the rounds of the room and the wait staff was...loi is in the old compass space. for those who remember compass  loi is a definite upgrade - and they may have a chance of surviving if they can keep this...i really  really wanted to like this place.  we were visiting nyc from tampa and i vetted living social deals for weeks  checking them out on yelp.  this... this was a great meal i had the pastistio.  it was so delicate and tasty.  the executive chef actually made the rounds of the room and the wait staff was...loi is in the old compass space. for those who remember compass  loi is a definite upgrade - and they may have a chance of surviving if they can keep this...i really  really wanted to like this place.  we were visiting nyc from tampa and i vetted living social deals for weeks  checking them out on yelp.  this... this was a great meal i had the pastistio.  it was so delicate and tasty.  the executive chef actually made the rounds of the room and the wait staff was...loi is in the old compass space. for those who remember compass  loi is a definite upgrade - and they may have a chance of surviving if they can keep this...i really  really wanted to like this place.  we were visiting nyc from tampa and i vetted living social deals for weeks  checking them out on yelp.  this... this was a great meal i had the pastistio.  it was so delicate and tasty.  the executive chef actually made the rounds of the room and the wait staff was...loi is in the old compass space. for those who remember compass  loi is a definite upgrade - and they may have a chance of surviving if they can keep this...i really  really wanted to like this place.  we were visiting nyc from tampa and i vetted living social deals for weeks  checking them out on yelp.  this...
 drunken noodle with chicken was disappointment. i prefer broad noodle than udon noodle. the noodle was not the only thing i didn't like. the flavor was...the masaman curry and the pad thai are very good here.  although i wouldn't consider this the best thai i've ever had  but everything was pretty good.  we...good service  great atmosphere  and great food! lively crowd. drunken noodle with chicken was disappointment. i prefer broad noodle than udon noodle. the noodle was not the only thing i didn't like. the flavor was...the masaman curry and the pad thai are very good here.  although i wouldn't consider this the best thai i've ever had  but everything was pretty good.  we...good service  great atmosphere  and great food! lively crowd. drunken noodle with chicken was disappointment. i prefer broad noodle than udon noodle. the noodle was not the only thing i didn't like. the flavor was...the masaman curry and the pad thai are very good here.  although i wouldn't consider this the best thai i've ever had  but everything was pretty good.  we...good service  great atmosphere  and great food! lively crowd. drunken noodle with chicken was disappointment. i prefer broad noodle than udon noodle. the noodle was not the only thing i didn't like. the flavor was...the masaman curry and the pad thai are very good here.  although i wouldn't consider this the best thai i've ever had  but everything was pretty good.  we...good service  great atmosphere  and great food! lively crowd. drunken noodle with chicken was disappointment. i prefer broad noodle than udon noodle. the noodle was not the only thing i didn't like. the flavor was...the masaman curry and the pad thai are very good here.  although i wouldn't consider this the best thai i've ever had  but everything was pretty good.  we...good service  great atmosphere  and great food! lively crowd. drunken noodle with chicken was disappointment. i prefer broad noodle than udon noodle. the noodle was not the only thing i didn't like. the flavor was...the masaman curry and the pad thai are very good here.  although i wouldn't consider this the best thai i've ever had  but everything was pretty good.  we...good service  great atmosphere  and great food! lively crowd.
 some of the best sushi in the city. great quality very affordable and good atmosphere. i've brought many friends here and they love it! my favorite roll is...a very solid sushi spot in the uws.great sushi  service was very good and the green tea ice cream just yummy!  the only thing i had mixed feelings about was the spicy scallops roll - buffalo... some of the best sushi in the city. great quality very affordable and good atmosphere. i've brought many friends here and they love it! my favorite roll is...a very solid sushi spot in the uws.great sushi  service was very good and the green tea ice cream just yummy!  the only thing i had mixed feelings about was the spicy scallops roll - buffalo... some of the best sushi in the city. great quality very affordable and good atmosphere. i've brought many friends here and they love it! my favorite roll is...a very solid sushi spot in the uws.great sushi  service was very good and the green tea ice cream just yummy!  the only thing i had mixed feelings about was the spicy scallops roll - buffalo... some of the best sushi in the city. great quality very affordable and good atmosphere. i've brought many friends here and they love it! my favorite roll is...a very solid sushi spot in the uws.great sushi  service was very good and the green tea ice cream just yummy!  the only thing i had mixed feelings about was the spicy scallops roll - buffalo... some of the best sushi in the city. great quality very affordable and good atmosphere. i've brought many friends here and they love it! my favorite roll is...a very solid sushi spot in the uws.great sushi  service was very good and the green tea ice cream just yummy!  the only thing i had mixed feelings about was the spicy scallops roll - buffalo... some of the best sushi in the city. great quality very affordable and good atmosphere. i've brought many friends here and they love it! my favorite roll is...a very solid sushi spot in the uws.great sushi  service was very good and the green tea ice cream just yummy!  the only thing i had mixed feelings about was the spicy scallops roll - buffalo...
 i love this place- from the ambiance  the view outdoors to the history museum across the street  the excellent wine list and... the seafood- the amazing...decent meal but not memorable.. came for a friend's birthday dinner. service was good and it was not as noisy in the side room as the main room but food was...pricey but well worth it!!  their salmon melts in your mouth  their calamari is to die for. i love this place- from the ambiance  the view outdoors to the history museum across the street  the excellent wine list and... the seafood- the amazing...decent meal but not memorable.. came for a friend's birthday dinner. service was good and it was not as noisy in the side room as the main room but food was...pricey but well worth it!!  their salmon melts in your mouth  their calamari is to die for. i love this place- from the ambiance  the view outdoors to the history museum across the street  the excellent wine list and... the seafood- the amazing...decent meal but not memorable.. came for a friend's birthday dinner. service was good and it was not as noisy in the side room as the main room but food was...pricey but well worth it!!  their salmon melts in your mouth  their calamari is to die for. i love this place- from the ambiance  the view outdoors to the history museum across the street  the excellent wine list and... the seafood- the amazing...decent meal but not memorable.. came for a friend's birthday dinner. service was good and it was not as noisy in the side room as the main room but food was...pricey but well worth it!!  their salmon melts in your mouth  their calamari is to die for. i love this place- from the ambiance  the view outdoors to the history museum across the street  the excellent wine list and... the seafood- the amazing...decent meal but not memorable.. came for a friend's birthday dinner. service was good and it was not as noisy in the side room as the main room but food was...pricey but well worth it!!  their salmon melts in your mouth  their calamari is to die for. i love this place- from the ambiance  the view outdoors to the history museum across the street  the excellent wine list and... the seafood- the amazing...decent meal but not memorable.. came for a friend's birthday dinner. service was good and it was not as noisy in the side room as the main room but food was...pricey but well worth it!!  their salmon melts in your mouth  their calamari is to die for.
 was looking for something near the beacon theater and asked my brother-in-law who lives on the uws for a recommendation. lovely restaurant with interesting...great food though a little out of my price range unless its a special occasion.  i've been here a couple times and always try something different....*restaurant week 2012 review  'cesca provided everything i needed for an amazing evening out with a good friend. wine great food and great service. i had... was looking for something near the beacon theater and asked my brother-in-law who lives on the uws for a recommendation. lovely restaurant with interesting...great food though a little out of my price range unless its a special occasion.  i've been here a couple times and always try something different....*restaurant week 2012 review  'cesca provided everything i needed for an amazing evening out with a good friend. wine great food and great service. i had... was looking for something near the beacon theater and asked my brother-in-law who lives on the uws for a recommendation. lovely restaurant with interesting...great food though a little out of my price range unless its a special occasion.  i've been here a couple times and always try something different....*restaurant week 2012 review  'cesca provided everything i needed for an amazing evening out with a good friend. wine great food and great service. i had... was looking for something near the beacon theater and asked my brother-in-law who lives on the uws for a recommendation. lovely restaurant with interesting...great food though a little out of my price range unless its a special occasion.  i've been here a couple times and always try something different....*restaurant week 2012 review  'cesca provided everything i needed for an amazing evening out with a good friend. wine great food and great service. i had... was looking for something near the beacon theater and asked my brother-in-law who lives on the uws for a recommendation. lovely restaurant with interesting...great food though a little out of my price range unless its a special occasion.  i've been here a couple times and always try something different....*restaurant week 2012 review  'cesca provided everything i needed for an amazing evening out with a good friend. wine great food and great service. i had... was looking for something near the beacon theater and asked my brother-in-law who lives on the uws for a recommendation. lovely restaurant with interesting...great food though a little out of my price range unless its a special occasion.  i've been here a couple times and always try something different....*restaurant week 2012 review  'cesca provided everything i needed for an amazing evening out with a good friend. wine great food and great service. i had...
 capping off a weekend in ny   i came here with the parents and the bf for an early sunday dinner.  this gorgeous upscale mexican restaurant near lincoln...inconsistent  overpriced and vastly overrated. i've been here a few times and the food is "alright"  not all right.   like many mexican restaurants  they...this place is really popular.  i don't get it.  simply because it's nyc?  the food is good but not good enough or unique enough to warrant the higher... capping off a weekend in ny   i came here with the parents and the bf for an early sunday dinner.  this gorgeous upscale mexican restaurant near lincoln...inconsistent  overpriced and vastly overrated. i've been here a few times and the food is "alright"  not all right.   like many mexican restaurants  they...this place is really popular.  i don't get it.  simply because it's nyc?  the food is good but not good enough or unique enough to warrant the higher... capping off a weekend in ny   i came here with the parents and the bf for an early sunday dinner.  this gorgeous upscale mexican restaurant near lincoln...inconsistent  overpriced and vastly overrated. i've been here a few times and the food is "alright"  not all right.   like many mexican restaurants  they...this place is really popular.  i don't get it.  simply because it's nyc?  the food is good but not good enough or unique enough to warrant the higher... capping off a weekend in ny   i came here with the parents and the bf for an early sunday dinner.  this gorgeous upscale mexican restaurant near lincoln...inconsistent  overpriced and vastly overrated. i've been here a few times and the food is "alright"  not all right.   like many mexican restaurants  they...this place is really popular.  i don't get it.  simply because it's nyc?  the food is good but not good enough or unique enough to warrant the higher... capping off a weekend in ny   i came here with the parents and the bf for an early sunday dinner.  this gorgeous upscale mexican restaurant near lincoln...inconsistent  overpriced and vastly overrated. i've been here a few times and the food is "alright"  not all right.   like many mexican restaurants  they...this place is really popular.  i don't get it.  simply because it's nyc?  the food is good but not good enough or unique enough to warrant the higher... capping off a weekend in ny   i came here with the parents and the bf for an early sunday dinner.  this gorgeous upscale mexican restaurant near lincoln...inconsistent  overpriced and vastly overrated. i've been here a few times and the food is "alright"  not all right.   like many mexican restaurants  they...this place is really popular.  i don't get it.  simply because it's nyc?  the food is good but not good enough or unique enough to warrant the higher...
 went for brunch and it was amazing. the food is fantastic and the free sangria is delicious!during my 5-week stay in nyc  this restaurant wins # 1 for overall experience.   food: their complimentary bread & bean sauce/dip were so great! their...i love this place!! went for brunch and it was amazing. the food is fantastic and the free sangria is delicious!during my 5-week stay in nyc  this restaurant wins # 1 for overall experience.   food: their complimentary bread & bean sauce/dip were so great! their...i love this place!! went for brunch and it was amazing. the food is fantastic and the free sangria is delicious!during my 5-week stay in nyc  this restaurant wins # 1 for overall experience.   food: their complimentary bread & bean sauce/dip were so great! their...i love this place!! went for brunch and it was amazing. the food is fantastic and the free sangria is delicious!during my 5-week stay in nyc  this restaurant wins # 1 for overall experience.   food: their complimentary bread & bean sauce/dip were so great! their...i love this place!! went for brunch and it was amazing. the food is fantastic and the free sangria is delicious!during my 5-week stay in nyc  this restaurant wins # 1 for overall experience.   food: their complimentary bread & bean sauce/dip were so great! their...i love this place!! went for brunch and it was amazing. the food is fantastic and the free sangria is delicious!during my 5-week stay in nyc  this restaurant wins # 1 for overall experience.   food: their complimentary bread & bean sauce/dip were so great! their...i love this place!!
 stunning meal.  especially the lamb and rouget entrees and the sardine first course.  excellent servicecame here for a pre-theater dinner and got the $55 prix  fixe special. it was absolutely excellent. the food was phenomenal  i  suggest the gazpacho and the...awesome - lower scale than daniel's super fine eateries. amazing food  amazing service! a must go in the columbus square area. stunning meal.  especially the lamb and rouget entrees and the sardine first course.  excellent servicecame here for a pre-theater dinner and got the $55 prix  fixe special. it was absolutely excellent. the food was phenomenal  i  suggest the gazpacho and the...awesome - lower scale than daniel's super fine eateries. amazing food  amazing service! a must go in the columbus square area. stunning meal.  especially the lamb and rouget entrees and the sardine first course.  excellent servicecame here for a pre-theater dinner and got the $55 prix  fixe special. it was absolutely excellent. the food was phenomenal  i  suggest the gazpacho and the...awesome - lower scale than daniel's super fine eateries. amazing food  amazing service! a must go in the columbus square area. stunning meal.  especially the lamb and rouget entrees and the sardine first course.  excellent servicecame here for a pre-theater dinner and got the $55 prix  fixe special. it was absolutely excellent. the food was phenomenal  i  suggest the gazpacho and the...awesome - lower scale than daniel's super fine eateries. amazing food  amazing service! a must go in the columbus square area. stunning meal.  especially the lamb and rouget entrees and the sardine first course.  excellent servicecame here for a pre-theater dinner and got the $55 prix  fixe special. it was absolutely excellent. the food was phenomenal  i  suggest the gazpacho and the...awesome - lower scale than daniel's super fine eateries. amazing food  amazing service! a must go in the columbus square area. stunning meal.  especially the lamb and rouget entrees and the sardine first course.  excellent servicecame here for a pre-theater dinner and got the $55 prix  fixe special. it was absolutely excellent. the food was phenomenal  i  suggest the gazpacho and the...awesome - lower scale than daniel's super fine eateries. amazing food  amazing service! a must go in the columbus square area.
 this place is awesome.  better than that other more expensive/overrated pio pio.    came here ravenous after a basketball game and was fiending for some...chino latino. thats right folks. the menu at flor de mayo is all over the place. i originally walked in because i was craving chinese. they were packed so i...visited this restaurant on amsterdam avenue with my family of 4 for my mom's birthday this past friday during early evening hours before the evening rush.... this place is awesome.  better than that other more expensive/overrated pio pio.    came here ravenous after a basketball game and was fiending for some...chino latino. thats right folks. the menu at flor de mayo is all over the place. i originally walked in because i was craving chinese. they were packed so i...visited this restaurant on amsterdam avenue with my family of 4 for my mom's birthday this past friday during early evening hours before the evening rush.... this place is awesome.  better than that other more expensive/overrated pio pio.    came here ravenous after a basketball game and was fiending for some...chino latino. thats right folks. the menu at flor de mayo is all over the place. i originally walked in because i was craving chinese. they were packed so i...visited this restaurant on amsterdam avenue with my family of 4 for my mom's birthday this past friday during early evening hours before the evening rush.... this place is awesome.  better than that other more expensive/overrated pio pio.    came here ravenous after a basketball game and was fiending for some...chino latino. thats right folks. the menu at flor de mayo is all over the place. i originally walked in because i was craving chinese. they were packed so i...visited this restaurant on amsterdam avenue with my family of 4 for my mom's birthday this past friday during early evening hours before the evening rush.... this place is awesome.  better than that other more expensive/overrated pio pio.    came here ravenous after a basketball game and was fiending for some...chino latino. thats right folks. the menu at flor de mayo is all over the place. i originally walked in because i was craving chinese. they were packed so i...visited this restaurant on amsterdam avenue with my family of 4 for my mom's birthday this past friday during early evening hours before the evening rush.... this place is awesome.  better than that other more expensive/overrated pio pio.    came here ravenous after a basketball game and was fiending for some...chino latino. thats right folks. the menu at flor de mayo is all over the place. i originally walked in because i was craving chinese. they were packed so i...visited this restaurant on amsterdam avenue with my family of 4 for my mom's birthday this past friday during early evening hours before the evening rush....
 my fiance and i had a date-night dinner here. we shared the bread basket and then split the gnocchi with veggies and the skirt steak. the gnocci was very...tiny portions and overpriced..$15 for a mediocre burger and duck fat chips (no option for fries)  the pulled pork sandwich was real good but could pass for...fantastic  creative dishes. medley of tastes  incredible. i think we were lucky to get two seats at the bar and we were immediately entertained by the... my fiance and i had a date-night dinner here. we shared the bread basket and then split the gnocchi with veggies and the skirt steak. the gnocci was very...tiny portions and overpriced..$15 for a mediocre burger and duck fat chips (no option for fries)  the pulled pork sandwich was real good but could pass for...fantastic  creative dishes. medley of tastes  incredible. i think we were lucky to get two seats at the bar and we were immediately entertained by the... my fiance and i had a date-night dinner here. we shared the bread basket and then split the gnocchi with veggies and the skirt steak. the gnocci was very...tiny portions and overpriced..$15 for a mediocre burger and duck fat chips (no option for fries)  the pulled pork sandwich was real good but could pass for...fantastic  creative dishes. medley of tastes  incredible. i think we were lucky to get two seats at the bar and we were immediately entertained by the... my fiance and i had a date-night dinner here. we shared the bread basket and then split the gnocchi with veggies and the skirt steak. the gnocci was very...tiny portions and overpriced..$15 for a mediocre burger and duck fat chips (no option for fries)  the pulled pork sandwich was real good but could pass for...fantastic  creative dishes. medley of tastes  incredible. i think we were lucky to get two seats at the bar and we were immediately entertained by the... my fiance and i had a date-night dinner here. we shared the bread basket and then split the gnocchi with veggies and the skirt steak. the gnocci was very...tiny portions and overpriced..$15 for a mediocre burger and duck fat chips (no option for fries)  the pulled pork sandwich was real good but could pass for...fantastic  creative dishes. medley of tastes  incredible. i think we were lucky to get two seats at the bar and we were immediately entertained by the... my fiance and i had a date-night dinner here. we shared the bread basket and then split the gnocchi with veggies and the skirt steak. the gnocci was very...tiny portions and overpriced..$15 for a mediocre burger and duck fat chips (no option for fries)  the pulled pork sandwich was real good but could pass for...fantastic  creative dishes. medley of tastes  incredible. i think we were lucky to get two seats at the bar and we were immediately entertained by the...
 i love all things blossom. some more than others  maybe  but they're all great. i've been to cafe blossom a couple times for brunch and every time was a...best vegan cheeseburger ever.i thought i had written reviews for all of my favorite places..but it seems like this one escaped my grasp a great place to fill your vegan skull..or even... i love all things blossom. some more than others  maybe  but they're all great. i've been to cafe blossom a couple times for brunch and every time was a...best vegan cheeseburger ever.i thought i had written reviews for all of my favorite places..but it seems like this one escaped my grasp a great place to fill your vegan skull..or even... i love all things blossom. some more than others  maybe  but they're all great. i've been to cafe blossom a couple times for brunch and every time was a...best vegan cheeseburger ever.i thought i had written reviews for all of my favorite places..but it seems like this one escaped my grasp a great place to fill your vegan skull..or even... i love all things blossom. some more than others  maybe  but they're all great. i've been to cafe blossom a couple times for brunch and every time was a...best vegan cheeseburger ever.i thought i had written reviews for all of my favorite places..but it seems like this one escaped my grasp a great place to fill your vegan skull..or even... i love all things blossom. some more than others  maybe  but they're all great. i've been to cafe blossom a couple times for brunch and every time was a...best vegan cheeseburger ever.i thought i had written reviews for all of my favorite places..but it seems like this one escaped my grasp a great place to fill your vegan skull..or even... i love all things blossom. some more than others  maybe  but they're all great. i've been to cafe blossom a couple times for brunch and every time was a...best vegan cheeseburger ever.i thought i had written reviews for all of my favorite places..but it seems like this one escaped my grasp a great place to fill your vegan skull..or even...
 good solid indian food.  one of us is from india  and he would say that this is average indian food for the us.  we got delivery. our favorite so far is the...i like this place  reasonable prices  good food  nice staff. their peshawri nan is awesome. it's one of my favorites.i don't understand all the outrageously good reviews this place has gotten.  to begin with  the food is fine but not great by any means. the chicken tikka...
 bun xao  chicken! no other noodle dish will do it for you ever again! (except maybe the beef bun xao).  the crispy spring rolls  along with nuoc chom (fish...love vietnamese food. when it's good  there's little that's better... california  houston  even denver all have it. i'm sure that nyc does  too  but it's...ugh  eating here makes me want to book a one-way ticket to a san jose or westminster viet deli. first  everything is way too pricey - and no the portions... bun xao  chicken! no other noodle dish will do it for you ever again! (except maybe the beef bun xao).  the crispy spring rolls  along with nuoc chom (fish...love vietnamese food. when it's good  there's little that's better... california  houston  even denver all have it. i'm sure that nyc does  too  but it's...ugh  eating here makes me want to book a one-way ticket to a san jose or westminster viet deli. first  everything is way too pricey - and no the portions... bun xao  chicken! no other noodle dish will do it for you ever again! (except maybe the beef bun xao).  the crispy spring rolls  along with nuoc chom (fish...love vietnamese food. when it's good  there's little that's better... california  houston  even denver all have it. i'm sure that nyc does  too  but it's...ugh  eating here makes me want to book a one-way ticket to a san jose or westminster viet deli. first  everything is way too pricey - and no the portions... bun xao  chicken! no other noodle dish will do it for you ever again! (except maybe the beef bun xao).  the crispy spring rolls  along with nuoc chom (fish...love vietnamese food. when it's good  there's little that's better... california  houston  even denver all have it. i'm sure that nyc does  too  but it's...ugh  eating here makes me want to book a one-way ticket to a san jose or westminster viet deli. first  everything is way too pricey - and no the portions...
 some of the food was good specials sounded interesting  but our waiter rattled them off in a long uninterrupted unintelligible mix  that i thought initially...went there with a few of my friends on a wednesday night. the food was really quite good  especially for the uws -- but  the service was terrible. it took...now i've been here before  as it's a neighborhood go-to most of the time  so i assumed that the delivery would be just as good. boy was i wrong. after an... some of the food was good specials sounded interesting  but our waiter rattled them off in a long uninterrupted unintelligible mix  that i thought initially...went there with a few of my friends on a wednesday night. the food was really quite good  especially for the uws -- but  the service was terrible. it took...now i've been here before  as it's a neighborhood go-to most of the time  so i assumed that the delivery would be just as good. boy was i wrong. after an...
 i would have to say of all the restaurants i've been to in my life so far  morimoto's will be number one on that list til the day i die. it is truly worthy...very good restaurant  but wasn't blown away by anything in particular. the decor is very nice  trendy and comfortable. the washrooms are near the top of the...i came for a friends birthday and decided to shell out some money.   dont get me wrong  i would shell out money if i thought it worth it  but i honestly...
 this place is for the bridge and tunnel crowd. when people from new jersey dream of an amazing restaurant in nyc  they dream of del posto. which is fine....it's hard to even gather the words to begin to describe an evening at del posto  it really is that sublime.   i've had the opportunity to experience del...don't know that a less than rave review will make a difference here among all the five-star huzzahs  but we thought this place was very good  but far from...
 went for lunch on a rainy oct day and it was a delight to have a window table  watch the rain  the people up 9th avenue and enjoy the fabulous atmosphere of...i really enjoyed my experience here..can't really pinpoint what it was  but it seemed like everything just fell into place...you know...it was...had the four course menu ($85). between me and hubby  tasted 7 dishes and everything was delicious...down to the freshly baked parker rolls and petit fours....
 2.5  is two stars too harsh? well  meh  i've experienced better. restaurateurs who want to charge $30 for an entree should remember that the pool is really...i really liked brunch here -- they make a simply excellent fried oyster po-boy. nice service -- responsive and let us linger.  plus  the bathrooms smell nice.healthful delicious eats - great bar for dining alone delightful interior - casual or dressy okay  when i'm within 20 blocks and i'm hungry + don't know...
 i really liked the place.  the food and the service were both fantastic!! and met the high expectations set for this restaurant.  to start with  the variety...ok this place is simply amazing.  a co-worker suggested this place and said it was some of the best spaghetti she had had in nyc.  it's a great location in...my husband recently took me here for my b'day dinner. both of us are big food network fans and end up watching scott conant frequently on tv. i've seen how...
 since moving to brooklyn  out of manhattan  i have heard so much buzz about the new crop of sichuan restaurants popping up all over manhattan.. during most...this place deserves more than 3.5 stars.  it's the best sichuan food around  maybe the best in manhattan.  yes  it depends on the day and they aren't always...once you get beyond the all too common in nyc near deafening noise level  this is a very good restaurant.  smoked peking duck was sublime. baby book choi...
 best steak i ever had! it was tender  juicy and wow.this week it was french restaurant week in nyc. my buddy told me there was a menu update at la promenade and i should try the roasted duck breast.  so i...went for brunch. had the quiche. unbelievably light and airy. the aps were solid- we were in a large group so we managed to try a few things- notably the...
 came here for my girlfriends birthday and it was just great.  loved the atmosphere.  located on great block.  i got the enchiladas  which were not good....brunch was great. i love that they put a limit on the time you spend there. the service was great and attentive. we almost missed brunch the server made...upscale mexican food... i should know better  kind of an oxymoron.  overall  i really can't say the food was bad  but you're probably better off at a hole...
 i come here often for business lunches.  the food is great  always impresses everyone.  staff is always very friendly.  portions are big  i never walk out...one of my favorite italian restaurant in the city. im usually not a big fan of italian food when im in the city except if it is pizza. but i went here for a...solid xmas eve dinner... good  not amazing italian food. my roommate and i feasted on 12/24/2011 here and had a great time. good wine selection  okay...
 this review is for tre dici steak which is next door on the second floor. we were looking for a place in chelsea last minute on a friday night that was...definitely one of the more underrated restaurants in the city. i found this place while looking for a reservation for 6 on a saturday night - not an easy...went for an impromptu dinner with two girl friends last night. when we arrived  we were told that the downstairs main dining area had been fully booked and...
 my favorite place in the city for tapas. good for any occasion  but really great for a date night: spaces are intimate  service is fantastic with waitresses...delicious tapas! ate here for my first time last night  came with my boyfriend. sat in the front part of the restaurant. love the intimate vibe of the place...solid spanish taperia!  my wife found it either on yelp or some other website and she picked a good one!  los camarones al ajillo en aceite oliva was as...
 restaurant atmosphere was nice  service was good. before you order they alert you that it will take about 20 min to make the paella. the paella with squid...finally tried the paella and it was very good.  a bit pricey at $22 per person  but you are served enough for 3 and can take home the left overs.i must say  by far  this place delivers one of the best paella's i've ever tasted!  give it a shot! you won't be dissapointed!
 glittery flower tables and purple walls! that is usually enough to win me over off the bat. but the food is good too. i wandered in here on a whim because...fresh!  the servers were attentive  but not overbearing. when my date and i ordered a bottle of wine  they graciously moved unoccupied table next to us over...solid neighborhood thai. billie holiday playing in the background  they're generous with the shrimp  the papaya salad satisfies  and friendliness from the...
 i was craving a chicken pot pie today for lunch so thanks to yelp! i was pointed here to the green table. even though it was kind of a trek from my office...the food itself was very fresh and quite good  but a bit expensive; then again  this is nyc.  the service was polite  but a bit slow given that it was...i came here on a friday night for dinner and it was a lot of fun! i did a search online for farm to table places  and the green table seemed well rated.  i...
 food was great!a tasty  fresh meal in a casual atmosphere with good friends.  what more could you ask for on a lovely fall evening?the food is so good "it makes you wanna slap your mama!!!". seriously! please open one in courthouse arlington  va next to sushi rock. you guys will make a...
 while the people who work here are nice  their food is a total disappointment especially because it's owned or at least operated by a real japanese owner +...very fresh and delicate japanese cuisine.  beautiful and romantic setting  no loud music  no loud talks :)  a very good opportunity to discover japanese...very cool little place.  they have 2 versions of the specials board - one in english and one in japanese!  very good sushi and sashimi here  well above...
 pars is a terrific persian/iranian restaurant. from the warm welcome and attentive service to the delicious offerings from the appetizers to the entrees ...delicioustake this review for what it's worth: i'm a tourist  not overly fond of new york  who has never had persian food before. i ate here around 8:30 at night...
 portions could be a little larger  service   taste everything perfect   very friendly service  will come again!perfect food for clearing my congested chest and sinuses.the last time i went here was about twenty years ago with my college friends and i was just back here this summer with my husband for our two year... decent food but smaller portions compared to similar thai restaurants. they messed up one of our orders and in general had chaotic/slow service. seems...looking for thai before going to the theater? this is the place! i love thai and have tried numerous thai restaurants in the city be it that each...i love pongsri - i've been coming here since i was a wee lad back in the 90s. it's on the corner of baxter and bayard smack dab in chinatown but it's... 
 a chelsea gem  frozen in time with delicious paella valencia and sangria.  i'm a sucker for the paella/sangria combo from travelling in southern spain  and...i've been coming here for 12 years it really is an anchor to the chelsea neighborhood.     it's a 80+ year old school spanish institution  classic red...very good food   terrible service!   the managers are so rude it is no wonder the wait staff behave how they do!   if they delivered i could consider...
 just had the lunch special here of kung pao chicken/shrimp and in a word  awful! if not for the soup i d have walked out of here starved.i think this is the original grand sichuan. chicken with ginger garlic sauce is so delicious. beef with  spicy green pepper is firey but we enjoy the kick...a good friend showed me this restaurant a few months ago and i've been impressed ever since then.  we have had a large variety if dishes here  chicken ...
 just came upon this place recently while walking around on my lunchbreak! all i can say is wow...had no idea what i was going to find when i walked in! i...chelsea market is great!  so many unique shops and food stands/restaurants to choose from.  my fave was the filling station where they had all kinds of...this market is a breath of fresh air if you want to get away from the tourist scene.  i was so grateful to have classes right across from this building  and...
 smallest restarant i've ever been to in nyc. being that the whole place is smaller than some ppl's bathroom  just be aware you will definitely hear...cons: -average food -terrible service: appetizers come after the main course  no way to split the check between guests ...  pros: -the lunch special is only...good curries.
 charming! i went here with a friend from germany and we loved out food. the place is charming and has old-world appeal and staff is very nice. it was...we will definitely return here.  we had a lovely dinner starting with watercress soup-perfect balance of flavors then cold poached salmon  duck and 'shaved'...this place is a musty little treat  the closest thing to dining in a random parisian bistro i've encountered in new york. lots of other restaurants attempt...
 the dinner was great  the drinks were tasty and strong.  the service was a fine  but the location was a bit tight!  the one downer was the cheese cake was a...typical italian fare here  prepared well.  this place is always packed...so  call ahead for reservations  and be prepared to sit sandwiched between your...head waiter was homophobic. the dinner was great  the drinks were tasty and strong.  the service was a fine  but the location was a bit tight!  the one downer was the cheese cake was a...typical italian fare here  prepared well.  this place is always packed...so  call ahead for reservations  and be prepared to sit sandwiched between your...head waiter was homophobic. the dinner was great  the drinks were tasty and strong.  the service was a fine  but the location was a bit tight!  the one downer was the cheese cake was a...typical italian fare here  prepared well.  this place is always packed...so  call ahead for reservations  and be prepared to sit sandwiched between your...head waiter was homophobic.
 arrived without reservations on 03 october. staff treated our party very professionally. wait time was predicted with reasonable accuracy. food was great....i made reservation thru open table at 12pm on saturday  and due to my friend's train delay  i called to the restaurant and changed my reservation (twice!!)...arrived around 4:45pm on a tues evening prior to a broadway show. food was good and the $25 bottles of wine were even better. my sister ordered a triple... arrived without reservations on 03 october. staff treated our party very professionally. wait time was predicted with reasonable accuracy. food was great....i made reservation thru open table at 12pm on saturday  and due to my friend's train delay  i called to the restaurant and changed my reservation (twice!!)...arrived around 4:45pm on a tues evening prior to a broadway show. food was good and the $25 bottles of wine were even better. my sister ordered a triple...
 our waiter didn't show.  we left.  pathetic.  this restaurant may be trading on its 'history'.  after sitting 10 minutes without any service whatsoever  we...nice  friendly restaurant with great service and food.  i love sitting at the bar and enjoy the food and conversations with fellow guests and bartenders....have eaten here...twenty times maybe  since i've lived in nyc..never disappointed ... i believe the same person has greeted me at the door each time...... our waiter didn't show.  we left.  pathetic.  this restaurant may be trading on its 'history'.  after sitting 10 minutes without any service whatsoever  we...nice  friendly restaurant with great service and food.  i love sitting at the bar and enjoy the food and conversations with fellow guests and bartenders....have eaten here...twenty times maybe  since i've lived in nyc..never disappointed ... i believe the same person has greeted me at the door each time...... our waiter didn't show.  we left.  pathetic.  this restaurant may be trading on its 'history'.  after sitting 10 minutes without any service whatsoever  we...nice  friendly restaurant with great service and food.  i love sitting at the bar and enjoy the food and conversations with fellow guests and bartenders....have eaten here...twenty times maybe  since i've lived in nyc..never disappointed ... i believe the same person has greeted me at the door each time...... our waiter didn't show.  we left.  pathetic.  this restaurant may be trading on its 'history'.  after sitting 10 minutes without any service whatsoever  we...nice  friendly restaurant with great service and food.  i love sitting at the bar and enjoy the food and conversations with fellow guests and bartenders....have eaten here...twenty times maybe  since i've lived in nyc..never disappointed ... i believe the same person has greeted me at the door each time......
 i don't get all these positive reviews especially given all the great places here in manhattan. this place is totally overpriced with mediocre food. wait...i love firebird. i mean really  really i do.  i have only eaten a full meal there once and had the chicken kiev. idk why but i have a hard time not ordering...nice cozy decor. it does give you the feeling of dining in russia. make sure to try one their caviar dish from their menu. they prepare it with honey  cream... i don't get all these positive reviews especially given all the great places here in manhattan. this place is totally overpriced with mediocre food. wait...i love firebird. i mean really  really i do.  i have only eaten a full meal there once and had the chicken kiev. idk why but i have a hard time not ordering...nice cozy decor. it does give you the feeling of dining in russia. make sure to try one their caviar dish from their menu. they prepare it with honey  cream... i don't get all these positive reviews especially given all the great places here in manhattan. this place is totally overpriced with mediocre food. wait...i love firebird. i mean really  really i do.  i have only eaten a full meal there once and had the chicken kiev. idk why but i have a hard time not ordering...nice cozy decor. it does give you the feeling of dining in russia. make sure to try one their caviar dish from their menu. they prepare it with honey  cream... i don't get all these positive reviews especially given all the great places here in manhattan. this place is totally overpriced with mediocre food. wait...i love firebird. i mean really  really i do.  i have only eaten a full meal there once and had the chicken kiev. idk why but i have a hard time not ordering...nice cozy decor. it does give you the feeling of dining in russia. make sure to try one their caviar dish from their menu. they prepare it with honey  cream... i don't get all these positive reviews especially given all the great places here in manhattan. this place is totally overpriced with mediocre food. wait...i love firebird. i mean really  really i do.  i have only eaten a full meal there once and had the chicken kiev. idk why but i have a hard time not ordering...nice cozy decor. it does give you the feeling of dining in russia. make sure to try one their caviar dish from their menu. they prepare it with honey  cream...
 wonderful experience!  food is delicious & artistically presented. beautifully decorated  with warmth & creativity. a fun & relaxing atmosphere.got lost trying to get to a popular ramen joint due to foursquare giving wrong directions & ended up here instead. whatever tho  i'm not even mad. the food...food here was delicious and beautifully presented  and the service was friendly. the decor was trendy and the menu prices are very reasonable. they... this was an ok thai place. the inside is pretty but this place has some issues.  first  the food was nothing special. our two guests ordered chicken pad...wonderful experience!  food is delicious & artistically presented. beautifully decorated  with warmth & creativity. a fun & relaxing atmosphere.got lost trying to get to a popular ramen joint due to foursquare giving wrong directions & ended up here instead. whatever tho  i'm not even mad. the food... this was an ok thai place. the inside is pretty but this place has some issues.  first  the food was nothing special. our two guests ordered chicken pad...wonderful experience!  food is delicious & artistically presented. beautifully decorated  with warmth & creativity. a fun & relaxing atmosphere.got lost trying to get to a popular ramen joint due to foursquare giving wrong directions & ended up here instead. whatever tho  i'm not even mad. the food... this was an ok thai place. the inside is pretty but this place has some issues.  first  the food was nothing special. our two guests ordered chicken pad...wonderful experience!  food is delicious & artistically presented. beautifully decorated  with warmth & creativity. a fun & relaxing atmosphere.got lost trying to get to a popular ramen joint due to foursquare giving wrong directions & ended up here instead. whatever tho  i'm not even mad. the food... this was an ok thai place. the inside is pretty but this place has some issues.  first  the food was nothing special. our two guests ordered chicken pad...wonderful experience!  food is delicious & artistically presented. beautifully decorated  with warmth & creativity. a fun & relaxing atmosphere.got lost trying to get to a popular ramen joint due to foursquare giving wrong directions & ended up here instead. whatever tho  i'm not even mad. the food... this was an ok thai place. the inside is pretty but this place has some issues.  first  the food was nothing special. our two guests ordered chicken pad...wonderful experience!  food is delicious & artistically presented. beautifully decorated  with warmth & creativity. a fun & relaxing atmosphere.got lost trying to get to a popular ramen joint due to foursquare giving wrong directions & ended up here instead. whatever tho  i'm not even mad. the food...
 i had chicken satay skewers  vegetable dumplings and rice and the food was great. everything was tasty and fresh and the service was quick and friendly.this place was awesome. perfect portion sizes (look small  but are filling) very authentic  and fun atmosphere.yea! the remix was much better! this cozy simple thai restaurant is filled with locals  tourists in tiny two-fers; sitting lined on against the wall or at a... i had chicken satay skewers  vegetable dumplings and rice and the food was great. everything was tasty and fresh and the service was quick and friendly.this place was awesome. perfect portion sizes (look small  but are filling) very authentic  and fun atmosphere.yea! the remix was much better! this cozy simple thai restaurant is filled with locals  tourists in tiny two-fers; sitting lined on against the wall or at a... i had chicken satay skewers  vegetable dumplings and rice and the food was great. everything was tasty and fresh and the service was quick and friendly.this place was awesome. perfect portion sizes (look small  but are filling) very authentic  and fun atmosphere.yea! the remix was much better! this cozy simple thai restaurant is filled with locals  tourists in tiny two-fers; sitting lined on against the wall or at a... i had chicken satay skewers  vegetable dumplings and rice and the food was great. everything was tasty and fresh and the service was quick and friendly.this place was awesome. perfect portion sizes (look small  but are filling) very authentic  and fun atmosphere.yea! the remix was much better! this cozy simple thai restaurant is filled with locals  tourists in tiny two-fers; sitting lined on against the wall or at a... i had chicken satay skewers  vegetable dumplings and rice and the food was great. everything was tasty and fresh and the service was quick and friendly.this place was awesome. perfect portion sizes (look small  but are filling) very authentic  and fun atmosphere.yea! the remix was much better! this cozy simple thai restaurant is filled with locals  tourists in tiny two-fers; sitting lined on against the wall or at a... i had chicken satay skewers  vegetable dumplings and rice and the food was great. everything was tasty and fresh and the service was quick and friendly.this place was awesome. perfect portion sizes (look small  but are filling) very authentic  and fun atmosphere.yea! the remix was much better! this cozy simple thai restaurant is filled with locals  tourists in tiny two-fers; sitting lined on against the wall or at a...
 we stumbled into this placemmmmm - now i will not pretend to know what "real" greek food is  but dafni's has never failed me!! (and i am either here or order from here about once a...been here a few times.  everything i've had here has been delicious.  great food  good service.  gyro meat is excellent. we stumbled into this placemmmmm - now i will not pretend to know what "real" greek food is  but dafni's has never failed me!! (and i am either here or order from here about once a...been here a few times.  everything i've had here has been delicious.  great food  good service.  gyro meat is excellent. we stumbled into this placemmmmm - now i will not pretend to know what "real" greek food is  but dafni's has never failed me!! (and i am either here or order from here about once a...been here a few times.  everything i've had here has been delicious.  great food  good service.  gyro meat is excellent. we stumbled into this placemmmmm - now i will not pretend to know what "real" greek food is  but dafni's has never failed me!! (and i am either here or order from here about once a...been here a few times.  everything i've had here has been delicious.  great food  good service.  gyro meat is excellent. we stumbled into this placemmmmm - now i will not pretend to know what "real" greek food is  but dafni's has never failed me!! (and i am either here or order from here about once a...been here a few times.  everything i've had here has been delicious.  great food  good service.  gyro meat is excellent. we stumbled into this placemmmmm - now i will not pretend to know what "real" greek food is  but dafni's has never failed me!! (and i am either here or order from here about once a...been here a few times.  everything i've had here has been delicious.  great food  good service.  gyro meat is excellent.
 love this place ! yummy food especially the chicken puffs  satay  red/green/panang curries and pad thai noodles !  and yes i'm an absolute fan of their thai...the food was excellent at a very good price! i expected to pay a lot more for the neighborhood.   the wait staff was lacking but not enough to keep me from...while it has a nice ambience  the food leaves something to be desired. a starter salad was soggy and bland--lacking any strong flavor. the duck curry dinner... love this place ! yummy food especially the chicken puffs  satay  red/green/panang curries and pad thai noodles !  and yes i'm an absolute fan of their thai...the food was excellent at a very good price! i expected to pay a lot more for the neighborhood.   the wait staff was lacking but not enough to keep me from...while it has a nice ambience  the food leaves something to be desired. a starter salad was soggy and bland--lacking any strong flavor. the duck curry dinner... love this place ! yummy food especially the chicken puffs  satay  red/green/panang curries and pad thai noodles !  and yes i'm an absolute fan of their thai...the food was excellent at a very good price! i expected to pay a lot more for the neighborhood.   the wait staff was lacking but not enough to keep me from...while it has a nice ambience  the food leaves something to be desired. a starter salad was soggy and bland--lacking any strong flavor. the duck curry dinner... love this place ! yummy food especially the chicken puffs  satay  red/green/panang curries and pad thai noodles !  and yes i'm an absolute fan of their thai...the food was excellent at a very good price! i expected to pay a lot more for the neighborhood.   the wait staff was lacking but not enough to keep me from...while it has a nice ambience  the food leaves something to be desired. a starter salad was soggy and bland--lacking any strong flavor. the duck curry dinner... love this place ! yummy food especially the chicken puffs  satay  red/green/panang curries and pad thai noodles !  and yes i'm an absolute fan of their thai...the food was excellent at a very good price! i expected to pay a lot more for the neighborhood.   the wait staff was lacking but not enough to keep me from...while it has a nice ambience  the food leaves something to be desired. a starter salad was soggy and bland--lacking any strong flavor. the duck curry dinner... love this place ! yummy food especially the chicken puffs  satay  red/green/panang curries and pad thai noodles !  and yes i'm an absolute fan of their thai...the food was excellent at a very good price! i expected to pay a lot more for the neighborhood.   the wait staff was lacking but not enough to keep me from...while it has a nice ambience  the food leaves something to be desired. a starter salad was soggy and bland--lacking any strong flavor. the duck curry dinner...
 fantastic appetizer platter :) hummus is unbelievable  and bread even better - kept asking for more and dipped it in everything else  including the light...one of the best sunday brunches in the city in my opinion...and i'm a brunch lover. delicious  tastefully presented food. sort of minimalist in a good way ...my favorite restaurant in new york!  the amazing food  the white-washed tables and ceiling fans  and the gracious service all combine to transport you! not... fantastic appetizer platter :) hummus is unbelievable  and bread even better - kept asking for more and dipped it in everything else  including the light...one of the best sunday brunches in the city in my opinion...and i'm a brunch lover. delicious  tastefully presented food. sort of minimalist in a good way ...my favorite restaurant in new york!  the amazing food  the white-washed tables and ceiling fans  and the gracious service all combine to transport you! not... fantastic appetizer platter :) hummus is unbelievable  and bread even better - kept asking for more and dipped it in everything else  including the light...one of the best sunday brunches in the city in my opinion...and i'm a brunch lover. delicious  tastefully presented food. sort of minimalist in a good way ...my favorite restaurant in new york!  the amazing food  the white-washed tables and ceiling fans  and the gracious service all combine to transport you! not... fantastic appetizer platter :) hummus is unbelievable  and bread even better - kept asking for more and dipped it in everything else  including the light...one of the best sunday brunches in the city in my opinion...and i'm a brunch lover. delicious  tastefully presented food. sort of minimalist in a good way ...my favorite restaurant in new york!  the amazing food  the white-washed tables and ceiling fans  and the gracious service all combine to transport you! not... fantastic appetizer platter :) hummus is unbelievable  and bread even better - kept asking for more and dipped it in everything else  including the light...one of the best sunday brunches in the city in my opinion...and i'm a brunch lover. delicious  tastefully presented food. sort of minimalist in a good way ...my favorite restaurant in new york!  the amazing food  the white-washed tables and ceiling fans  and the gracious service all combine to transport you! not... fantastic appetizer platter :) hummus is unbelievable  and bread even better - kept asking for more and dipped it in everything else  including the light...one of the best sunday brunches in the city in my opinion...and i'm a brunch lover. delicious  tastefully presented food. sort of minimalist in a good way ...my favorite restaurant in new york!  the amazing food  the white-washed tables and ceiling fans  and the gracious service all combine to transport you! not...
 food was tasty.  service was interesting -- earnest but not world class.very nice place! super great food and even better service. i am giving 4 stars because of the price. it has three $$$ when it should be more of a $$$$....we went there for a special occasion.  since we had tickets for the ballet after dinner  we had to eat a little on the early side.  the place only had one... food was tasty.  service was interesting -- earnest but not world class.very nice place! super great food and even better service. i am giving 4 stars because of the price. it has three $$$ when it should be more of a $$$$....we went there for a special occasion.  since we had tickets for the ballet after dinner  we had to eat a little on the early side.  the place only had one... food was tasty.  service was interesting -- earnest but not world class.very nice place! super great food and even better service. i am giving 4 stars because of the price. it has three $$$ when it should be more of a $$$$....we went there for a special occasion.  since we had tickets for the ballet after dinner  we had to eat a little on the early side.  the place only had one... food was tasty.  service was interesting -- earnest but not world class.very nice place! super great food and even better service. i am giving 4 stars because of the price. it has three $$$ when it should be more of a $$$$....we went there for a special occasion.  since we had tickets for the ballet after dinner  we had to eat a little on the early side.  the place only had one... food was tasty.  service was interesting -- earnest but not world class.very nice place! super great food and even better service. i am giving 4 stars because of the price. it has three $$$ when it should be more of a $$$$....we went there for a special occasion.  since we had tickets for the ballet after dinner  we had to eat a little on the early side.  the place only had one... food was tasty.  service was interesting -- earnest but not world class.very nice place! super great food and even better service. i am giving 4 stars because of the price. it has three $$$ when it should be more of a $$$$....we went there for a special occasion.  since we had tickets for the ballet after dinner  we had to eat a little on the early side.  the place only had one...
 perfect service  fresh heavenly food  lunch spot easy to get to on the west side. i love print  would go again in a second!print used to be the super-happening weekend hotspot when it was brand new.  crowded to the hilt  with a line up to the rooftop bar.  alas  times (and the...when i dined here  i didn't realize that it was inside the ink48 hotel (and upstairs press lounge). i finally put it all together. ink / print / press.... perfect service  fresh heavenly food  lunch spot easy to get to on the west side. i love print  would go again in a second!print used to be the super-happening weekend hotspot when it was brand new.  crowded to the hilt  with a line up to the rooftop bar.  alas  times (and the...when i dined here  i didn't realize that it was inside the ink48 hotel (and upstairs press lounge). i finally put it all together. ink / print / press.... perfect service  fresh heavenly food  lunch spot easy to get to on the west side. i love print  would go again in a second!print used to be the super-happening weekend hotspot when it was brand new.  crowded to the hilt  with a line up to the rooftop bar.  alas  times (and the...when i dined here  i didn't realize that it was inside the ink48 hotel (and upstairs press lounge). i finally put it all together. ink / print / press.... perfect service  fresh heavenly food  lunch spot easy to get to on the west side. i love print  would go again in a second!print used to be the super-happening weekend hotspot when it was brand new.  crowded to the hilt  with a line up to the rooftop bar.  alas  times (and the...when i dined here  i didn't realize that it was inside the ink48 hotel (and upstairs press lounge). i finally put it all together. ink / print / press.... perfect service  fresh heavenly food  lunch spot easy to get to on the west side. i love print  would go again in a second!print used to be the super-happening weekend hotspot when it was brand new.  crowded to the hilt  with a line up to the rooftop bar.  alas  times (and the...when i dined here  i didn't realize that it was inside the ink48 hotel (and upstairs press lounge). i finally put it all together. ink / print / press.... walked in here without any reservations and they told us there was a long wait. we asked for a 930pm table and headed upstairs to the rooftop to have a few...perfect service  fresh heavenly food  lunch spot easy to get to on the west side. i love print  would go again in a second!print used to be the super-happening weekend hotspot when it was brand new.  crowded to the hilt  with a line up to the rooftop bar.  alas  times (and the...
 this is one of my personal favorite lunch spots in hell's kitchen. their daily lunch special includes one appetizer  one side salad  one soda  and one...not impressed at all.  i had a hair in my food and didn't make a big stink about it since i was with friends.  the food wasn't bad  but i think that just...i've become very wary of restaurants that don't explicitly aim to serve gluten-free foods  where the staff does not speak great english  and the staff don't... this is one of my personal favorite lunch spots in hell's kitchen. their daily lunch special includes one appetizer  one side salad  one soda  and one...not impressed at all.  i had a hair in my food and didn't make a big stink about it since i was with friends.  the food wasn't bad  but i think that just...i've become very wary of restaurants that don't explicitly aim to serve gluten-free foods  where the staff does not speak great english  and the staff don't... this is one of my personal favorite lunch spots in hell's kitchen. their daily lunch special includes one appetizer  one side salad  one soda  and one...not impressed at all.  i had a hair in my food and didn't make a big stink about it since i was with friends.  the food wasn't bad  but i think that just...i've become very wary of restaurants that don't explicitly aim to serve gluten-free foods  where the staff does not speak great english  and the staff don't... this is one of my personal favorite lunch spots in hell's kitchen. their daily lunch special includes one appetizer  one side salad  one soda  and one...not impressed at all.  i had a hair in my food and didn't make a big stink about it since i was with friends.  the food wasn't bad  but i think that just...i've become very wary of restaurants that don't explicitly aim to serve gluten-free foods  where the staff does not speak great english  and the staff don't... this is one of my personal favorite lunch spots in hell's kitchen. their daily lunch special includes one appetizer  one side salad  one soda  and one...not impressed at all.  i had a hair in my food and didn't make a big stink about it since i was with friends.  the food wasn't bad  but i think that just...i've become very wary of restaurants that don't explicitly aim to serve gluten-free foods  where the staff does not speak great english  and the staff don't... this is one of my personal favorite lunch spots in hell's kitchen. their daily lunch special includes one appetizer  one side salad  one soda  and one...not impressed at all.  i had a hair in my food and didn't make a big stink about it since i was with friends.  the food wasn't bad  but i think that just...i've become very wary of restaurants that don't explicitly aim to serve gluten-free foods  where the staff does not speak great english  and the staff don't...
 we dined here before a show based on yelp reviews. i should have been wary of the reviews based on the fact that this is a theater district restaurant...met my family here for dinner last week and my mother had said - "oh i was able to get reservations!" which made me think it was hard to get in or...excellent food great service and romantic place!! we started with very nice surprise with escargots (lumache in brodetto) cooked in the way we do in my... we dined here before a show based on yelp reviews. i should have been wary of the reviews based on the fact that this is a theater district restaurant...met my family here for dinner last week and my mother had said - "oh i was able to get reservations!" which made me think it was hard to get in or...excellent food great service and romantic place!! we started with very nice surprise with escargots (lumache in brodetto) cooked in the way we do in my... we dined here before a show based on yelp reviews. i should have been wary of the reviews based on the fact that this is a theater district restaurant...met my family here for dinner last week and my mother had said - "oh i was able to get reservations!" which made me think it was hard to get in or...excellent food great service and romantic place!! we started with very nice surprise with escargots (lumache in brodetto) cooked in the way we do in my... we dined here before a show based on yelp reviews. i should have been wary of the reviews based on the fact that this is a theater district restaurant...met my family here for dinner last week and my mother had said - "oh i was able to get reservations!" which made me think it was hard to get in or...excellent food great service and romantic place!! we started with very nice surprise with escargots (lumache in brodetto) cooked in the way we do in my... we dined here before a show based on yelp reviews. i should have been wary of the reviews based on the fact that this is a theater district restaurant...met my family here for dinner last week and my mother had said - "oh i was able to get reservations!" which made me think it was hard to get in or...excellent food great service and romantic place!! we started with very nice surprise with escargots (lumache in brodetto) cooked in the way we do in my... we dined here before a show based on yelp reviews. i should have been wary of the reviews based on the fact that this is a theater district restaurant...met my family here for dinner last week and my mother had said - "oh i was able to get reservations!" which made me think it was hard to get in or...excellent food great service and romantic place!! we started with very nice surprise with escargots (lumache in brodetto) cooked in the way we do in my...
 after two visits to asiate  i've come to think of this as the definition of a five-star restaurant.  the service both times has been wonderful.  one of my...my friend and i made a reservation for the 11:45 brunch.  we were the first two to be seated.  when we asked for seating next to the window  we were told...great view.  comfortable and quiet (the best attributes). good service.  decent food  but not amazing.  worth trying at least once for a relaxing brunch. after two visits to asiate  i've come to think of this as the definition of a five-star restaurant.  the service both times has been wonderful.  one of my...my friend and i made a reservation for the 11:45 brunch.  we were the first two to be seated.  when we asked for seating next to the window  we were told...great view.  comfortable and quiet (the best attributes). good service.  decent food  but not amazing.  worth trying at least once for a relaxing brunch. after two visits to asiate  i've come to think of this as the definition of a five-star restaurant.  the service both times has been wonderful.  one of my...my friend and i made a reservation for the 11:45 brunch.  we were the first two to be seated.  when we asked for seating next to the window  we were told...great view.  comfortable and quiet (the best attributes). good service.  decent food  but not amazing.  worth trying at least once for a relaxing brunch. after two visits to asiate  i've come to think of this as the definition of a five-star restaurant.  the service both times has been wonderful.  one of my...my friend and i made a reservation for the 11:45 brunch.  we were the first two to be seated.  when we asked for seating next to the window  we were told...great view.  comfortable and quiet (the best attributes). good service.  decent food  but not amazing.  worth trying at least once for a relaxing brunch. after two visits to asiate  i've come to think of this as the definition of a five-star restaurant.  the service both times has been wonderful.  one of my...my friend and i made a reservation for the 11:45 brunch.  we were the first two to be seated.  when we asked for seating next to the window  we were told...great view.  comfortable and quiet (the best attributes). good service.  decent food  but not amazing.  worth trying at least once for a relaxing brunch. after two visits to asiate  i've come to think of this as the definition of a five-star restaurant.  the service both times has been wonderful.  one of my...my friend and i made a reservation for the 11:45 brunch.  we were the first two to be seated.  when we asked for seating next to the window  we were told...great view.  comfortable and quiet (the best attributes). good service.  decent food  but not amazing.  worth trying at least once for a relaxing brunch.
 small  modern  minimalist.  danji offer contemporary korean cuisine at communal tables.  menus are located in the custom drawers for their high top tables ...honestly i was shocked at how good the reviews on this restaurant were. this is the first time i have ever felt the need to write a yelp review simply...food is okay but not worth the wait in the cramped space. their sangria is really good though i have tried better korean food in my life but its worth a try... small  modern  minimalist.  danji offer contemporary korean cuisine at communal tables.  menus are located in the custom drawers for their high top tables ...honestly i was shocked at how good the reviews on this restaurant were. this is the first time i have ever felt the need to write a yelp review simply...food is okay but not worth the wait in the cramped space. their sangria is really good though i have tried better korean food in my life but its worth a try... small  modern  minimalist.  danji offer contemporary korean cuisine at communal tables.  menus are located in the custom drawers for their high top tables ...honestly i was shocked at how good the reviews on this restaurant were. this is the first time i have ever felt the need to write a yelp review simply...food is okay but not worth the wait in the cramped space. their sangria is really good though i have tried better korean food in my life but its worth a try... small  modern  minimalist.  danji offer contemporary korean cuisine at communal tables.  menus are located in the custom drawers for their high top tables ...honestly i was shocked at how good the reviews on this restaurant were. this is the first time i have ever felt the need to write a yelp review simply...food is okay but not worth the wait in the cramped space. their sangria is really good though i have tried better korean food in my life but its worth a try... small  modern  minimalist.  danji offer contemporary korean cuisine at communal tables.  menus are located in the custom drawers for their high top tables ...honestly i was shocked at how good the reviews on this restaurant were. this is the first time i have ever felt the need to write a yelp review simply...food is okay but not worth the wait in the cramped space. their sangria is really good though i have tried better korean food in my life but its worth a try... small  modern  minimalist.  danji offer contemporary korean cuisine at communal tables.  menus are located in the custom drawers for their high top tables ...honestly i was shocked at how good the reviews on this restaurant were. this is the first time i have ever felt the need to write a yelp review simply...food is okay but not worth the wait in the cramped space. their sangria is really good though i have tried better korean food in my life but its worth a try...
 best italian in hell's kitchen  hands down!!! their food is fresh  and soooo tasty. everytime i come here  the service is great. the wine list is pretty...went to cara mia for the first time last night for dinner with the girls.  the ambiance was really cute  brick walls  italian decor  candles and dim...what can i say other than amazing service and overall dining experience. i've come here on multiple occasions and service consistently exceeds expectations.... best italian in hell's kitchen  hands down!!! their food is fresh  and soooo tasty. everytime i come here  the service is great. the wine list is pretty...went to cara mia for the first time last night for dinner with the girls.  the ambiance was really cute  brick walls  italian decor  candles and dim...what can i say other than amazing service and overall dining experience. i've come here on multiple occasions and service consistently exceeds expectations.... best italian in hell's kitchen  hands down!!! their food is fresh  and soooo tasty. everytime i come here  the service is great. the wine list is pretty...went to cara mia for the first time last night for dinner with the girls.  the ambiance was really cute  brick walls  italian decor  candles and dim...what can i say other than amazing service and overall dining experience. i've come here on multiple occasions and service consistently exceeds expectations.... best italian in hell's kitchen  hands down!!! their food is fresh  and soooo tasty. everytime i come here  the service is great. the wine list is pretty...went to cara mia for the first time last night for dinner with the girls.  the ambiance was really cute  brick walls  italian decor  candles and dim...what can i say other than amazing service and overall dining experience. i've come here on multiple occasions and service consistently exceeds expectations.... best italian in hell's kitchen  hands down!!! their food is fresh  and soooo tasty. everytime i come here  the service is great. the wine list is pretty...went to cara mia for the first time last night for dinner with the girls.  the ambiance was really cute  brick walls  italian decor  candles and dim...what can i say other than amazing service and overall dining experience. i've come here on multiple occasions and service consistently exceeds expectations.... best italian in hell's kitchen  hands down!!! their food is fresh  and soooo tasty. everytime i come here  the service is great. the wine list is pretty...went to cara mia for the first time last night for dinner with the girls.  the ambiance was really cute  brick walls  italian decor  candles and dim...what can i say other than amazing service and overall dining experience. i've come here on multiple occasions and service consistently exceeds expectations....
 oh jean claude  you really have to do better; one day you fall all over me and the next you know me not! food more and more erratic and service not up to par.a great french bistro. in the 1930's style.  jean claude the owner is a great flamboyant host with a great menu!3 of us went for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by the professional staff and piano player! my sister and i split the spaghetti (josephine's favorite)... oh jean claude  you really have to do better; one day you fall all over me and the next you know me not! food more and more erratic and service not up to par.a great french bistro. in the 1930's style.  jean claude the owner is a great flamboyant host with a great menu!3 of us went for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by the professional staff and piano player! my sister and i split the spaghetti (josephine's favorite)... oh jean claude  you really have to do better; one day you fall all over me and the next you know me not! food more and more erratic and service not up to par.a great french bistro. in the 1930's style.  jean claude the owner is a great flamboyant host with a great menu!3 of us went for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by the professional staff and piano player! my sister and i split the spaghetti (josephine's favorite)... oh jean claude  you really have to do better; one day you fall all over me and the next you know me not! food more and more erratic and service not up to par.a great french bistro. in the 1930's style.  jean claude the owner is a great flamboyant host with a great menu!3 of us went for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by the professional staff and piano player! my sister and i split the spaghetti (josephine's favorite)... oh jean claude  you really have to do better; one day you fall all over me and the next you know me not! food more and more erratic and service not up to par.a great french bistro. in the 1930's style.  jean claude the owner is a great flamboyant host with a great menu!3 of us went for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by the professional staff and piano player! my sister and i split the spaghetti (josephine's favorite)... oh jean claude  you really have to do better; one day you fall all over me and the next you know me not! food more and more erratic and service not up to par.a great french bistro. in the 1930's style.  jean claude the owner is a great flamboyant host with a great menu!3 of us went for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by the professional staff and piano player! my sister and i split the spaghetti (josephine's favorite)...
 bbq chicken was awesome!!!! ambiance was great!i walked past here one day and happened to have a craving for korean food. so why not? i ordered a bibimbap to go and was very happy with it. probably not...the food  service  ambiance   & even the music was great. we ordered tuna bbq & sea bass  & both came with a spicy green salad. we bbq'ed the tuna ourselves... bbq chicken was awesome!!!! ambiance was great!i walked past here one day and happened to have a craving for korean food. so why not? i ordered a bibimbap to go and was very happy with it. probably not...the food  service  ambiance   & even the music was great. we ordered tuna bbq & sea bass  & both came with a spicy green salad. we bbq'ed the tuna ourselves... bbq chicken was awesome!!!! ambiance was great!i walked past here one day and happened to have a craving for korean food. so why not? i ordered a bibimbap to go and was very happy with it. probably not...the food  service  ambiance   & even the music was great. we ordered tuna bbq & sea bass  & both came with a spicy green salad. we bbq'ed the tuna ourselves... bbq chicken was awesome!!!! ambiance was great!i walked past here one day and happened to have a craving for korean food. so why not? i ordered a bibimbap to go and was very happy with it. probably not...the food  service  ambiance   & even the music was great. we ordered tuna bbq & sea bass  & both came with a spicy green salad. we bbq'ed the tuna ourselves... bbq chicken was awesome!!!! ambiance was great!i walked past here one day and happened to have a craving for korean food. so why not? i ordered a bibimbap to go and was very happy with it. probably not...the food  service  ambiance   & even the music was great. we ordered tuna bbq & sea bass  & both came with a spicy green salad. we bbq'ed the tuna ourselves... bbq chicken was awesome!!!! ambiance was great!i walked past here one day and happened to have a craving for korean food. so why not? i ordered a bibimbap to go and was very happy with it. probably not...the food  service  ambiance   & even the music was great. we ordered tuna bbq & sea bass  & both came with a spicy green salad. we bbq'ed the tuna ourselves...
 a good go to place for thai food. their crab meat fried rice is delicious. i found their pad key mao so much more flavorful and tastier than their pad see eil.i think pam real thai is in at least the top 5 of authentic thai food in manhattan. couple of highlights here:  - i tend to come later in the evening and...typical fake 'thai food'  too sweet or salty. ordered 'highly recommended' somtum (papaya salad)   asked for thai spicy  got something sweet  without any... a good go to place for thai food. their crab meat fried rice is delicious. i found their pad key mao so much more flavorful and tastier than their pad see eil.i think pam real thai is in at least the top 5 of authentic thai food in manhattan. couple of highlights here:  - i tend to come later in the evening and...typical fake 'thai food'  too sweet or salty. ordered 'highly recommended' somtum (papaya salad)   asked for thai spicy  got something sweet  without any... a good go to place for thai food. their crab meat fried rice is delicious. i found their pad key mao so much more flavorful and tastier than their pad see eil.i think pam real thai is in at least the top 5 of authentic thai food in manhattan. couple of highlights here:  - i tend to come later in the evening and...typical fake 'thai food'  too sweet or salty. ordered 'highly recommended' somtum (papaya salad)   asked for thai spicy  got something sweet  without any... a good go to place for thai food. their crab meat fried rice is delicious. i found their pad key mao so much more flavorful and tastier than their pad see eil.i think pam real thai is in at least the top 5 of authentic thai food in manhattan. couple of highlights here:  - i tend to come later in the evening and...typical fake 'thai food'  too sweet or salty. ordered 'highly recommended' somtum (papaya salad)   asked for thai spicy  got something sweet  without any... a good go to place for thai food. their crab meat fried rice is delicious. i found their pad key mao so much more flavorful and tastier than their pad see eil.i think pam real thai is in at least the top 5 of authentic thai food in manhattan. couple of highlights here:  - i tend to come later in the evening and...typical fake 'thai food'  too sweet or salty. ordered 'highly recommended' somtum (papaya salad)   asked for thai spicy  got something sweet  without any...
 on my first night of most recent trip to manhattan  i used yelp to look up potential dinner places.  found lattanzi  and the idea of jewish roman sounded...if you must eat on restaurant row  lattanzi is a good choice.  familiar food and friendly service without being rushed.we tried lattanzi  restaurant located near times square. we were  seated immediately even though we had no reservations.the host found us a table in the... on my first night of most recent trip to manhattan  i used yelp to look up potential dinner places.  found lattanzi  and the idea of jewish roman sounded...if you must eat on restaurant row  lattanzi is a good choice.  familiar food and friendly service without being rushed.we tried lattanzi  restaurant located near times square. we were  seated immediately even though we had no reservations.the host found us a table in the... on my first night of most recent trip to manhattan  i used yelp to look up potential dinner places.  found lattanzi  and the idea of jewish roman sounded...if you must eat on restaurant row  lattanzi is a good choice.  familiar food and friendly service without being rushed.we tried lattanzi  restaurant located near times square. we were  seated immediately even though we had no reservations.the host found us a table in the... on my first night of most recent trip to manhattan  i used yelp to look up potential dinner places.  found lattanzi  and the idea of jewish roman sounded...if you must eat on restaurant row  lattanzi is a good choice.  familiar food and friendly service without being rushed.we tried lattanzi  restaurant located near times square. we were  seated immediately even though we had no reservations.the host found us a table in the... on my first night of most recent trip to manhattan  i used yelp to look up potential dinner places.  found lattanzi  and the idea of jewish roman sounded...if you must eat on restaurant row  lattanzi is a good choice.  familiar food and friendly service without being rushed.we tried lattanzi  restaurant located near times square. we were  seated immediately even though we had no reservations.the host found us a table in the...
 i've always enjoy the intimate and warm welcome i get when dining out at sushi restaurants. this one is no different.   we had several dishes before our...after almost 20 years in nyc i was getting tired of same old same old japanese restaurants. rio & you was a breath of fresh air--delicious food  authentic...we were looking for a good japanese restaurant in the area near central park and it was about 10 blocks.  the food was tasty.  our dinner started out with... i've always enjoy the intimate and warm welcome i get when dining out at sushi restaurants. this one is no different.   we had several dishes before our...after almost 20 years in nyc i was getting tired of same old same old japanese restaurants. rio & you was a breath of fresh air--delicious food  authentic...we were looking for a good japanese restaurant in the area near central park and it was about 10 blocks.  the food was tasty.  our dinner started out with... i've always enjoy the intimate and warm welcome i get when dining out at sushi restaurants. this one is no different.   we had several dishes before our...after almost 20 years in nyc i was getting tired of same old same old japanese restaurants. rio & you was a breath of fresh air--delicious food  authentic...we were looking for a good japanese restaurant in the area near central park and it was about 10 blocks.  the food was tasty.  our dinner started out with... i've always enjoy the intimate and warm welcome i get when dining out at sushi restaurants. this one is no different.   we had several dishes before our...after almost 20 years in nyc i was getting tired of same old same old japanese restaurants. rio & you was a breath of fresh air--delicious food  authentic...we were looking for a good japanese restaurant in the area near central park and it was about 10 blocks.  the food was tasty.  our dinner started out with...
 my girlfriends and i had our last dinner here and it was quite a nice and memorable experience. we dined here in september 2011.  i found this place thanks...really cute byob  great food.. maybe the best burger and fries i've had in a long time (flavored very nicely)  and the food the rest of my party got looked...it was one of the yummiest meals i had in ny. my girlfriends and i had our last dinner here and it was quite a nice and memorable experience. we dined here in september 2011.  i found this place thanks...really cute byob  great food.. maybe the best burger and fries i've had in a long time (flavored very nicely)  and the food the rest of my party got looked...it was one of the yummiest meals i had in ny. my girlfriends and i had our last dinner here and it was quite a nice and memorable experience. we dined here in september 2011.  i found this place thanks...really cute byob  great food.. maybe the best burger and fries i've had in a long time (flavored very nicely)  and the food the rest of my party got looked...it was one of the yummiest meals i had in ny.
 a pretty solid indo restaurant that i would return to -- but only not having too much other choice in the area or manhattan for that matter. they have...nice and attentive staff. good food. truly enjoyed my experience. food may be on the heavy side so go in hungry.i've never dined in  but order take out from the lunch special menu regularly.  for about $10-12 after tip  you can get an entree with jasmine rice  a...
 friendly service  solid food at midtown prices. you won't be blown away  but they do very competent traditional french (coq au vin  moules et frites) quite...all is well!  i found this place on my last night at nyc and decided to try it out. i had no prior expectations and was pleasantly surprised by the friendly...tout va bien recently had a half-price dinner offer  through google  valid for one year. after a couple of months  the restaurant elected to no longer honor...
 the food was good. the first thing offered to us  for which we could not say no  was bacon-wrapped shrimp. delicious. the lotus sticky rice  not what i'm...the dim sum here has great selection and made fresh! i ordered a few items and the bill was under $20.   no complaints!great seafood. like the sticky rice with crab best.
 decent malaya food"do not be fooled by its commonplace appearance. like so many things  it is not what is outside  but what is inside that counts."  everything i ever learned...roti canai - i loved the pancake. i like it better than nyonya because it's more of a pancake rather than airy flakes. however  the curry was too sweet for...
 been to this place quite a few times giving them the benefit of the doubt since it's run by a family that's been in the business for generations. but it...love the spicy food but friends think it was too spicy.hahawalked into a dead silence restaurant except for the 4 drunk locals; check.  sat next to botox lady with way to much work done; check.  wifey walked into... been to this place quite a few times giving them the benefit of the doubt since it's run by a family that's been in the business for generations. but it...love the spicy food but friends think it was too spicy.hahawalked into a dead silence restaurant except for the 4 drunk locals; check.  sat next to botox lady with way to much work done; check.  wifey walked into...
 my 300th review!!!  we came here to try the crab with sticky rice after hearing some good things about it. when i first saw the dish i felt a bit...just like the times said. the zenithafter i left the first evening i said that m meal was just okay  but i came back for a second time.  over time this place grows on you and you should give... my 300th review!!!  we came here to try the crab with sticky rice after hearing some good things about it. when i first saw the dish i felt a bit...just like the times said. the zenithafter i left the first evening i said that m meal was just okay  but i came back for a second time.  over time this place grows on you and you should give...
 this is my favorite thai restaurant  hands down. after hearing a friend talk about it for months  she brought me here for the first time two years ago....the ambiance of this restaurant gives you a very..intimate feeling. the food is good and you can choose the intensity of your spiciness upon request. i'm...the decor is intimate. the food is extremely delicious. the drinks are quenching. do not get me started on their fried ice cream.  i've gone to this...
 very consistent traditional korean-chinese dishes. the servers are always friendly. tried their "fire jjambbong" last time... it was no joke. holy moly... i...back in the day there were a series of sam won gak commercials that aired for at least a few years that featured a young korean boy doing some random...as far as i know sam won gak was one of the pioneers of jja jang myun in nyc. their first location was in elmhurst but it has long since been replaced. if...
 over priced! food is good but far from great. the waiting staff is nice and the atmosphere is good. if you need to go to a kosher sit down restaurant in...i've been eating at hapisgah since it was a tiny little restaurant 20 years ago and there is no better place to have a steak (try the house special steak)...the hummus topped with chicken is delish!  service is decent.  ambiance is much better than most queens kosher restaurants.  definitely a place we will come...
 its gone through a few management changes.  i've gotten sick there twice after eating!  i am ready to move on.very nice fast paced dim sum restaurant. expect to sped some time finding parking  but it will be worth it to experience authentic far east cuisineme and my bestie really like this place. we've since taken our friends and family to this flavorful and inexpensive dim sum restaurant. the waitstaff's...
 what the heck happened to this place?   this restaurant is probably the biggest and most well known in flushing  it's been here for years. i've been here...very standard.   that should be a good review! kum gang san is known for their upstanding good standards and this place is no different than the one in...great korean bbq 24 hours a day.  we love to sit at the bar with harry the bartender and hear his stories.  it's always a great food and a great night out.
 buyer beware.  the food is pretty good  and the ambiance/decor is about average for a large chinese restaurant.  but i left feeling totally ripped off.  we...the manager recommended the "beautiful fried rice." i don't think it's actually called that  but yeah. he was touchy-feely with one of the males i was...pretty much everything  here is good and well-made chinese/cantonese style food  but if you want my suggestions:  -beef chow fun with gravy. for $10  it's a...
 sentosa is in island resort in singapore. but they serve "authentic malaysian cuisine". its like saying tokyo- authentic american hamburgers. anyways ...just ok. expensive for what it is and not very clean.this was my first time having malaysian cuisine along with my mom who is also a newbie. my husband and his family are from hong kong and live in flushing so...
 this is definitely more of a traditional chinese restaurant; the dishes here are geared more towards traditional palates. that being said  this place is...i ate here once recently and its a fairly decent restaurant in flushing  queens.the head chef is a old school guy from taiwan. there are some pretty...we don't often venture all the way from western manhattan to flushing  but this restaurant is worth the trip. although we're both of chinese/taiwanese...
 mmmmmmm....they make the best yugaejang in queens! it i the perfect soup to have when you have a cold!! the price i also just right!when this place first opened it was this cool unfinished steel building. and slowly everyone driving down northern blvd could see the transformation. the...tang is a great restaurant to go to if you're down for some homemade kimchi that's delicious and flavorful! that's the reason why i always come here. you...
 this place is meh at best. definitely not one of the best spots in flushing.   i came here last week for a family dinner and i was not the least bit...it's chinese crack!!  my friends took me here and the food was incredibly delicious! my favorite by far were the fried crabs! i'm not the best at cracking...i loooove this place!!!   likes:  1) delicious and authentic canton style food. they have great house fried rice  fried crabs  fish maw soup  mayonnaise...
 i'm not crazy about this place.  i think their dishes are overkill.  i.e. if it's a sweet dish  it's too sweet.  if it's a salty dish  it's a too...still completely awesome  with great prices and service. an update to include the short list of things you have to get:  - muslim lamb chop ($22 but...don't do take-out from this place!  seems as though it was better to eat in than out  although the service was much faster with their regular customers. for...
 i took a car service to spicy and tasty after i checked into my hotel.  i ordered takeout and took it back to my room to eat.  the dumplings in red chile...if you want something authentically sichuan  you probably have to look no further. flushing is now new york city's largest chinese infrastructure  and this...came here with a large group of people and the restaurant does have a lot of tables available. unfortunately  the food and service were just mediocre.   the...
 i just found this place.   it's great and affordablehere is the deal: i love meat more than anything in the world. so a few years ago when my girlfriend took me to a vegetarian resturant i was immediately...i'm a meat & potatoes man.  but i love this place!  the apple strudel cake is absolutely great!  only vegetarian restaurant i'll visit cause its that...
 we were on a business trip and friends of my co-worker's brought us here.  i'm from l.a. and the best dumplings i had was at ding tai fung.  i wouldn't say...found it on the yelp app before a mets game trying to find a quick and good bite. so glad we did. had shanghai noodles with steamed pork buns and veggie...truly terrible service today.  we were a party of 2.  the wait wasn't bad.  we were seated in 5 minutes  but their waitstaff is rude and inattentive.  took...
 very authentic taiwanese restaurant.  a lot of the guests there were speaking taiwanese which is always a good sign.  we got the cold noodles  stewed beef...a great introduction to the more traditional flavors of taiwanese cooking.  definitely has a home-cooked feel to their dishes.    highlights: -clam soup and...i love their fish with sour cabbage rice and the take-out fishball that you can get from the fridge front of the store.
 i went to han joo as it was recommended by many friends and my own mother  and they did not disappoint at all. the bbq was done on a crystal ( i think it's...han joo chik is one of my favorite restaurants. i have been here a couple times already and whenever i come here i always get the same dish. i usually order...da bomb  yo.  word.
 i've been eyeing this place for a few years...never seemed to have the right time/crowd to go. finally got to go last night!  the food was very good. we had...my family and friends have been going here for about 10 years now. now they have increased the price  and cut the rice given by half. when my friends told...this is some very traditional middle eastern food and served very well. chicken and beef kebabs are always tender and juicy. i love the yogurt sauce and...
 i heard good things about this place from friends so i thought i'd give it a try. boy was it a bad idea!! i ordered beef stir fried noodles and beef noodle...best taiwanese beef noodles in flushing.  other noodle offerings are just meh.this really isn't a review; it's more of a love story. do you have a secret go-to spot that you are reluctant to tell your friends about for fear of them...
 don't be fooled by the name; this is not a thai restaurant. i was disappointed after walking in and viewing the menu  seeing that the only thai food item on...good food! a very good balance between spice and heat. the menu is a bit limited but the price is definitely right. the restaurant has a nice atmosphere ..."lunch special" review pros: $5.25  neat  ample quantity  very friendly service  will definitely be going back. cons: dish only comes with white rice  as in...
 another good chinese in chinatown!hop kee food is delicious the priceses are reasonable where ordering a few dishes won't send you into bankruptcy the staff is themendly & attentive the...was introduced to this place by my boyfriend and loved it . ive been here serval times and always get the peking pork chops house special fried rice and... 
 terrible service!! i am an asian living in california. i made a trip to ny and had lunch here. the female server was rude and provided terrible...great chinese... trying the soup dumplngsdelish sushi is fresh great staff!!! 
 service sucked as usual...the chinese aren't exactly the best at customer service. the bathrooms were disgusting. but the food was delicious with a fair price.i love this place..the menu has most of the things that i crave in a chinese restaurant...bbq meats on white rice bbq meats on noodle soup young chow...they have their good days and bad days tourist attracting i have a lot of asian friend and this place is not cheap..and the portion is small.. not really... 
 i like their penang prawn noodles! very satisfying and their roti canai is pretty good too. their service is very fast in/out in like 30mins for an...they have such great food and i think i am addicted to their roti! it is so good! the restaurant is very nice looking. i like there brisket with noodles or...simply the best malaysian restaurant in nyc. highlights of what to get: roti canai asam curry fish head soup curry noodles prawn noodles sauted...
 i've been going to hop lee since i was a wee little child growing up in chinatown. whenever there was a special occasion hop lee was always the last stop...the beef fried rice was pretty good.....other than that not a big fan....service is good but food was ok...waiting to try better chinese restaurants out...this place is pretty good but i'm going to dock a star because service was pretty terrible the last time i visited and it was so late that we were the only... 
 i thought it would have been better due to some of the other reviews but i beg to differ. service is extremely unfriendly so you have to be pushy and...still my go to place for pho. somehow the quality had declined since i moved away. i don't know why but it just tastes different now than before and i...really good authentic food a thousand times better than the way overpriced "vietnamese" place on the ues. pho was awesome pork summer roll lemongrass... 
 exactly what you want from a meal in china town. cheap food that is absolutely delicious. don't expect good service or a super fancy atmosphere. come here...ate lunch here last week and absolutely loved it. we had orange chicken eggplant sauteed eel and two orders of soup dumplings. dumplings were tasty ...my bf and i were walking around chinatown looking for something to eat. we saw all the newspaper reports outside so we decided to try this place. we... 
 dingy drafty place but excellent broth in the wonton noodle soup. you can eat centuries of history for $5. some dishes i just can't enjoy like tripe...this is a great restaurant in chinatown where there isn't a lot of tourist and filled with local people. fair warning the decor is absolutely not...if you love noodle soup this is the place o go! i'll never forget the yummy smell coming from the vent whenever i walk by. as a kid my mom always brought... 
 love this place for authentic chinese food seafood fresh! owner is wonderful!chicken with preserved cabbage. i know... just try it. this place is one of my go-to places for chinese food. you really can't go wrong.this is old school cantonese food at its finest and located in the old silver palace space (one of the first big dim sum joints). service is functional but... 
 if you like real chinese food then you need to visit this great place in nyc. make sure you go to the one that is under the street level! the eggplants are...bar none best chinese food you will ever eat. case closed!i was here a couple of months ago and it's been years since the last time. i don't know about you but i find a certain amount of excitement taking people... 
 this place is not for you if you like fancy-schmancy restaurants. it's in the basement kinda old looking not dirty (but not exactly nyonya clean) kinda...sanur sells the most delicious authentic homemade pastry-like desserts~! *kuih-muih = bite-sized steamed desserts they have several types: (hope i got...some of the dishes were ok while others were a bit disappointing. i got the vegetarian fried rice which was pretty good and a tofu curry soup but that... 
 the food were average but very greasy! the soup dumpings were just okay i would prefer it to be less greasy but it's still less greasy than joe's shanghai.delicious food and clean atmosphere. the only complaint is that when we paid our separate checks the waitress mixed up or cards and then wouldn't fix it....one practice i've adopted since moving to nyc is large group dinners often with yelpers. we order everything off the menu. it's good and great but the food... 
 other than peking duck.. i don't think i will recommend anything else here.. it's a very "touristy" spot where most of the tourist came here.. if you open...this is my home food. let me start by confirming that ~ 700 years of continuous experiment refinement goes into that little plate of crispy juicy goodness...we were disappointed. i've had much better peking duck. we were one of only two non-asian tables and it was obvious that we were treated differently. our... 
 the cheapest/tastiest dimsum place i've been to in chinatown! it's not as spacious as other dimsum restaurants and you might need to share a table (but...i love this place. i'd describe this place as a really really good yumcha/dim sum eatery. sure it's normally packed early in the morning. sure it lacks...i really wanted churng fun but with my first class at 10 i knew my choices for dimsum quality churng fun was limited. the boyfriend suggested hop shing... 
 the service was good the wine wonderful the lobster ravioli to-die-for and the key lime pie scrumptious!very good food. liked the capellini and veal parmesan for dinner and the calamari appetizer. salad was so so. the service was very attentive with the main...decent food. reasonable atmosphere. very good waitstaff. would go here again. 
 came here a whole ago or dim sum was was pleasantly surprised. i usually frequent nom wah but decided to give this place a try. i remember that the food...service was great and the food was above what i expect from a congee village or big dining halls like that. the only minus was that it was expensive but...i've stopped by here on occasion for dim sum but i was very pleased with their cooked dishes and will be ordering more in the future. their clams with... 
 the worst chinese restaurant i've been to in new york. i visited with my family yesterday and the wait staff were sitting at a table chatting. it was not...shared dim sum dry sauted beans orange chicken and enjoyed all of them. the service was average.i've been coming to china village for about 5 years now. i try to come down to chinatown and try something new but all the restaurants are usually full due... 
 i always love coming here for dim sum. the staff is helpful and sweet. the food is cheap and delicious. the overall experience is always great. it's...i'm as far from vegetarian/vegan as they come but there are days where i don't mind not having meat or even choose not to partake in the animal. i went to...had good time here today. fried sticky rice and buddha bean curd rolls were awesome! dumplings cantonese styleand thai style noodles were very good as...
